GPGMail 2.5b1 - Release Notes
============================

Features
--------

### 10.10 Yosemity support

* The first beta of GPGMail is ready for testing. If you run into trouble please provide feedback and we will do our best to get things streamlined. Let's make GPGMail 2.5 the best release so far.

### Encrypt drafts by default

* All drafts will be encrypted with your public key by default, giving you better security and preventing bad situations from the get go. Encrypt drafts can still be disabled in GPGMail preferences (which we do not recommend). [#648]


Bugfixes
--------

*  Drafts: Sign and encrypt status for drafts were not always saved. [#761]
*  Drafts: Signed drafts were displayed as empty messages on Mavericks. [#695]
*  GPGMail believed that for certain addresses S/MIME encryption was not available while it actually was. [#673]
*  Signing was mistakenly disabled for replies. This was due to new encrypt drafts code. But things are now working fine again. [#762]
*  Updates: the installer no longer stays open when Mail.app was quite during the update. [#742]
*  Displaying revoked UIDs when two keys for the same email address exist and one is revoked is a bad idea. We no longer do that. Another pesky UX bug down! [#656]
*  Coexisting peacefully: No more duplicate headers when using GPGMail and MailTags plugins together. [#747]
*  A broken signature was falsely shown as "Signed". Not any longer. [#714]
*  Remove trailing white-spaces so that signatures no longer get invalidated. [#686]