GPGMail v2.0 - Release Notes
============================

Features
--------

### Compatible with Mountain Lion 10.8 and Lion 10.7.


### Added a tool which automatically adds new OS X UUIDs if necessary.


### Update GPGMail to use the new and vastly improved Libmacgpg.


### Enable sign by default


### Keyboard shortcuts to toggle sign/encrypt.

* Shortcuts are ⌘⌥Y for encrypt and ⌘⌥X for sign.


### Support different version types for updates.

*    Available version types: releases, pre-releases (alpha, beta), nightly development builds


### Support seamless switching between S/MIME and OpenPGP

*    Modified the security method indicator to allow to switch between S/MIME and OpenPGP
*    Added background colors for sign & encrypt off (grey) and on (green).


### Adds the possibility to enable and disable list preview snippets.

*    Adds preference to enable and disable preview snippets.
*    Create preview snippets if the option is not set, but passphrase is already cached.
*    Introduces advanced defaults NeverCreatePreviewSnippets option to completely disable the creation, even if passphrase is already cached.


Bugfixes
--------

*    Properly update keys if changes come in.
*    If only one account is configured in Mail.app don't force the From: dropdown to be shown unless there are multiple gpg keys available for that account. [#642]
*    Always prefer the security method used by the original message if keys for both options are available.
*    Correctly show the error dialog instead of the signature panel if a key is not in the keychain.
*    Add UUIDs for 10.8.5 dev releases.
*    Converting GPGMail to use ARC. This is the reaaal shiiit!
*    Fallback to english strings if no localized version is available instead of displaying the key.
*    Display proper error message for too many bad passphrase attempts.
*    Use public key of selected signing key for encrypt-to-self.
*    Remove nasty sender automatically in BCC bug.
*    Fullscreen: OpenPGP drop down sometimes on the left.
*    Event invitations automatically sent from iCal are never encrypted nor signed.
*    ::gpgmail-start-pgp-part:: sometimes not replaced.
*    Default security method is now automatically set, based on the availability of keys.
*    Mail preferences sometimes too slim.
*    FlippedView message is no longer shown in Console.
*    Version string is cutted in preferences.
*    Correctly work with multiple secret keys for the same address.
*    User choice for encrypt/sign status always sticks now.