GPGMail v2.0b6 - Release Notes
==============================

Features
--------

### Full support for OS X Mountain Lion.

*   Finally, the sandboxing issues are resolved and this version is
    completely compatible with OS X Mountain Lion.

### Added Sparkle update support on Mountain Lion

*   You'll be seeing an alert from within Mail.app if a new version of GPGMail
    is available.
*   You can choose between different types of releases:
    - nightly: each development build will appear as an update
    - pre-release: alpha and beta builds will appear as an update
    - stable: only stable builds will appear as an update
    (requires upcoming GPGPreferences)

### Proper error handling of encryption or signing failures.

*    Each error message you'll see includes some hint on how to fix it.
*    If GPGMail can't handle an error, you'll see some detailed information from
     the underlying gnupg engine, which you can post on our support forum.
     That will help us to find a solution much quicker.

### Defaults, gpg.conf and gpg-agent.conf are now parsed again on Mountain Lion

*   Previously the OS X sandbox didn't allow GPGMail to access the config files.
*   Config files are saved outside of the sandbox as they were on Lion.

### Support seamless switching between S/MIME and OpenPGP

*    The security indicator on the upper right side of the composer window
     allows you to choose between using OpenPGP or S/MIME.
*    We've added handy shortcuts to switch between them quickly.
*    When either sign or encrypt is enabled, the security indicator will change color,
     from grey to green.

### Support for groups in gpg.conf

*    You can use the groups feature of the gpg.conf to map a specific address (e.g. mailing list)
     to a specific key.

### Create list preview snippets.

*    Show a preview of your encrypted message in the Mail.app list preview (2nd column).
*    Choose whether you want to create these previews in the GPGMail preference pane.

### Support the selection of the secret key to use if more than one exists for the same address

*   Select the correct secret key to use from the "From: " drop down.
*   For each available key the key id is displayed so it's easy to spot the right key.

### Display hints why encryption or signing might not be possible

*   When hovering over one of the encrypt or sign buttons in the composer window,
    a message is now displayed, explaining why encryption or signing is not possible.
*   For example if the public key is missing, or no secret key for the from address
    could be found. 


Bugfixes
--------

*   User choice for encrypt/sign status always sticks now.
*   Better installation handling.
*   Added all UUIDs since 10.7.0.
*   FlippedView error message is no longer shown in Console.
*   Version string is no longer cut off in the GPGMail preference pane.
*   The signature view now shows the creation date of the signature.