GPGMail 2.5 Final - Release Notes
============================


Features
--------

### 10.10 Yosemity support

* This has been a long beta phase – we know. But we are very happy to announce 10.10 support is now ready for a stable release and hope you'll enjoy GPGMail 2.5 as much as we do.

### Encrypt drafts by default

* All drafts will be encrypted with your public key by default, giving you better security and preventing bad situations from the get go. This concerns all your accounts in mail.app, even if you do not have an OpenPGP key for all of them. Encrypt drafts can still be disabled in GPGMail preferences (which we do not recommend). [#648]

### Show warning before sending an unencrypted reply to an encrypted message

* Your security is important and sending an unencrypted reply to an encrypted message can pose a serious security threat since information might be leaked.
* We now display an informative warning message which explains the situation and gives you the chance to revise the draft you are about to send.

### Intuitive security indicator for encrypted mails

* Until now we showed an open lock to indicate that the mail has been decrypted. But actually there are only two states: successful decryption (which now shows a closed lock) or no decryption at all due to an error (which results in an error message). We think the new behavior is much more intuitive. The open lock for decrypted messages was irritating and did worry quite a few users who believed the messages weren't encrypted at all. [#777]

### Auto-Updates

* We think it's a good idea to keep our users up to date with the latest fixes and improvements. So now, the automatic check for updates is enabled by default. While working on this, we discovered a bug in the way auto-updates were implemented, so that is now fixed and updates for GPGMail should be much smoother in the future. [#774, #785, #822]

### Warning about drafts stored on server

* This warning serves a very specific case, but it is very important to understand the consequences, so we are happy to now provide the user with an informative message. IF drafts are stored on server and the GPGMail option to "Encrypt drafts" is being disabled, you'll see a message warning you that your drafts will be stored on those server as plain text, once you start typing a new message. [#819]



Bugfixes
--------

*  GPGMail on 10.10 no longer crashes when a new message creation is invoked via AppleScript. We heard you - this is a much used feature and we're glad this bug is fixed! [#768, #799, #804]
*  Mail.app crash on 10.7: This crash was on 10.7 only and happened when a new message was created. [#783]
*  Drafts: Sign and encrypt status for drafts were not always saved. [#761]
*  Drafts: Signed drafts were displayed as empty messages on Mavericks. [#695]
*  Drafts: A nasty bug was squashed which prevented drafts from being stored on OS X 10.8 and 10.7. [#776]
*  Drafts: In some occasions, encrypted drafts or sent messages had missing header parts, which resulted in incorrectly rendered mails.[#782]
*  GPGMail believed that for certain addresses S/MIME encryption was not available while it actually was. [#673]
*  Updates: the installer no longer stays open when Mail.app was quit during the update. [#742]
*  Displaying revoked UIDs when two keys for the same email address exist and one is revoked is a bad idea. We no longer do that. [#656]
*  Coexist peacefully: No more duplicate headers when using GPGMail and MailTags plugins together. [#747]
*  A broken signature was falsely shown as "Signed". [#714]
*  Remove trailing white-spaces so that signatures no longer get invalidated. [#686]
*  On 10.10 GPGMail failed to properly load messages with winmail.dat attachments. [#771]
*  Correctly detect inline PGP in text/html messages. [#787]
*  10.10: ensure selecting a specific key in the "From:" menu when composing a new message is possible when more than one secret key is available for the same email address. [#809]
*  GPGMail no longer clutters Console.app with "error CFBundle RegexKit.framework Data couldn't be read" messages. [#796]
*  Attachments of weird inline PGP encrypted messages from Windows are now properly displayed. [#677]
*  When selecting an email from the sent folder and using "Send again" from the menubar, the resent mail did not respect your default setting to encrypt / sign mails. [#813]
*  Minor typo in an error messages about signature that cannot be verified fixed. [#816]
*  There was an infinite loop (scnr) error when spell check on send was enabled and the user clicked "Send anyway". [#829]
